{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16720\viewh8380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 1. Describe the problem generics address\
generics allow us to decide what data type we want to use in a class or methods and provide type safety at the same time.\
\
2. How would you create a list of strings, using the generic List class?\
We need to define the String data type after the List within the < >\
List<String> strings = new List<string>();\
\
3. How many generic type parameters does the Dictionary class have?\
Dictionary has two generic type parameters, TKey and TValue.\
\
4. True/False. When a generic class has multiple type parameters, they must all match\
False. We can create different type parameters, however, when we want to use it in constructor, the type\'92s properties, fields should match.\
\
5\cb2 \strokec0 . \cb2 \strokec3 What method is used to add items to a List object?
\fs18 \cb2 \strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \strokec0 list.Add()\
\
6.\cb2 \strokec3 Name two methods that cause items to be removed from a List.\
bool removed = list.Remove(value)\
list.RemoveAt(2);\
Clear()\
\
7.How do you indicate that a class has a generic type parameter?\
If we see a <T> in a class, we can recognize the generic type parameter.\
\
8. True/False. Generic classes can only have one generic type parameter.\
False.\
\
9. True/False. Generic type constraints limit what can be used for the generic type.\
True. We can use the \'91where\'92 keyword to apply a constraint to a generic type parameter.\
for example, implements a IEnumerable interface.\
\
10.True/False. Constraints let you use the methods of the thing you are constraining to\
True. \
}